CORE-6308 Add Local Kubernetes deployment (#660)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-2/deploying/local-deployment.md

    ```sh
    minikube start --memory 8000 --cpus 6
    ```

3. If you don't already have the `kubectl` CLI installed, set up the following alias:

    ```sh
    alias kubectl="minikube kubectl --"
    ```

## Setup for Helm installation

The Kubernetes configuration for Corda is packaged in a Helm chart.
The chart is installed into a Kubernetes namespace using the Helm CLI.

### Install Helm

1. [Install the Helm CLI](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/).

### Create a Kubernetes namespace

1. If you have multiple Kubernetes clusters, ensure that you are targeting the `kubectl` context for the correct cluster.
    You can list contexts you have defined with:

    ```sh
    kubectl config get-contexts
    ```

    The current context is marked with an asterisk.
    You can switch context, for example:

    ```sh
    kubectl config use-context docker-desktop
    ```

    If you are using Docker Desktop, you can also switch context via the Kubernetes sub-menu.

2. Create a namespace to contain your Corda deployment.
    For example, to create a namespace called `corda` run the command:

    ```sh
    kubectl create namespace corda
    ```

> **Note:** The commands that follow all assume that you are using a namespace called `corda`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
The commands that follow all assume that you are using a namespace called `corda`.
```

> Modify the `-n corda` option on each `kubectl` command if you use a different namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the `-n corda` option on each `kubectl` command if you use a different namespace.
{{< /note >}}
```

## Install Corda pre-requisites

Corda requires a PostgreSQL and Kafka instance as pre-requisites.
One option to obtain these in a local development environment is via the umbrella Helm chart in the [corda/corda-dev-helm](https://github.com/corda/corda-dev-helm) GitHub repository.

1. Clone the GitHub repository:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/corda/corda-dev-helm.git
    cd corda-dev-helm
    ```

2. Pull the child Kafka and PostgreSQL charts provided by Bitnami:

    ```sh
    helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
    helm dependency build charts/corda-dev
    ```

3. Install the Helm chart:

    ```sh
    helm install prereqs -n corda charts/corda-dev --render-subchart-notes --timeout 10m --wait
    ```

>     The `--wait` option ensures all of the pods are ready before returning and the `--render-subchart-notes` option gives you a brief overview of the connection details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `--wait` option ensures all of the pods are ready before returning. The `--render-subchart-notes` option gives you a brief overview of the connection details.
```

    The timeout is set to 10 minutes to allow time to pull the images from Docker Hub.
    The process should take significantly less time than this on subsequent installs.

## Build the Corda Docker images

> The Corda Docker images need to be built from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Corda Docker images must be built from source.
```

1. If you’re using minikube, configure your shell to use the Docker daemon inside minikube so that built images are available directly to the cluster:

    {{< tabs name="Setting Docker environment for minikube">}}
    {{% tab name="Bash"%}}

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

>     eval $(minikube docker-env)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eval $(minikube docker-env)
```

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

    {{% /tab %}}

    {{% tab name="PowerShell" %}}

>     ```pwsh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pwsh
```

>     minikube docker-env --shell=powershell | Invoke-Expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minikube docker-env --shell=powershell | Invoke-Expression
```

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/corda/corda-api.git
    git -C corda-api checkout release/os/5.0-DevPreview2
    ```

4. Clone the [corda/corda-runtime-os](https://github.com/corda/corda-runtime-os) repository:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/corda/corda-runtime-os.git
    git -C corda-runtime-os checkout release/os/5.0-DevPreview2
    ```

5. Build all of the Corda Docker images with Gradle in the `corda-runtime-os` repository:

    ```sh
    cd corda-runtime-os
    ./gradlew clean publishOSGiImage -PcompositeBuild=true
    ```

## Install Corda

There is a `values.yaml` file at the root of the `corda-runtime-os` repository that overrides the default values in the Corda Helm chart.
These values configure the chart to use the images you just built and specify the location of the Kafka and PostgreSQL instances created by the `corda-dev` Helm chart.
They also set the initial admin user password to `admin`.

1. Install the chart as follows by running from the root of the `corda-runtime-os` repository:

   ```sh
   helm install corda -n corda charts/corda --values values.yaml --wait
   ```

> When the commmand completes, the RPC endpoint should ready to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the commmand completes, the RPC endpoint should be ready to access.
```
